CI Advice after 1st Not Passed

I'd like to see you a little more safely over the line in Competency 1 since it's over 50% of the exam itself, as well as being fundamental to the other 2 competencies.. 
I think syntax and the basics of common data types will continue to improve for you with practice. Let’s ask ourselves as you’re reviewing what aspects of basic syntax 
and general knowledge of operators and common data types is eluding you. Our Python Cheat sheet will be a good reference there as you’re studying.

Competency 2 (control structures like if statements, loops, functions, try/except) is your biggest area for improvement. Comp 2 is the primary focus of 20-25% 
of the test questions by weight, but it's hard to imagine a question that wouldn't realistically involve both Competency 1 and 2 to some extent.
Comp 3, and especially being able to open files and read from and write to them, is covered pretty well in Ch 14 and 31 and their Labs. I’d llike to to see you
further over that competency line as well. My Working with Files (25 min) and Working with Files: Writing (33 min) videos should be helpful as well. Comp 3 is usually 
about 25% or so of the exam by weight. Doing well on Comp 3 questions requires being solid on Comp 1 and 2 as well.
Let's get you prepared to go in strong for that next attempt! Before you start working on the study plan, take a few moments to review WGU's Assessment Approval and 
Retake Policy. You'll get new, randomized questions each time so we need to be ready. Feel free to check out my calendar and set up a call so we can chat about the exam 
and go over any questions you may have.

In the meantime, I took a look at your engagement with the course materials and put together a 2nd attempt study plan for you (see below). The study plan includes the 
things you must do in order to earn approval for the next attempt at the exam. The study plan includes several Python exercises. The number may seem large, but I assure 
you mastering these exercises is necessary for being successful on the exam. If it wasn't, I wouldn't ask you to do them. If you're close to being ready to test again, 
you should be able to easily finish them with 1-3 nights of work at 1.5-2 hours per night (the usual per day recommended study recommendation for WGU).

That being said, I won't ask you to send these in, unless you would like my review and feedback on any or all of them. If you'd like to go over more than a few of them, 
I would grab a 30 or 45 minute slot on my calendar for about a week out so we can review your code together by phone and Webex screen sharing. The Pre and OA involve 
writing code that is reusable for other data than just the specific example provided. You'll see this when you run your code, as you do in many of the ZyBooks Challenge 
Activities and especially the Labs.

But this reusability is an important concept to keep in mind in general. In non-function based questions, you'll grab incoming data with the input() function rather 
than parameter variables of your own function. If you've been doing the PA exercises and Labs, you're probably familiar with this set up. But it's worth a look at the 
Ch 2.16 "empty lab" example on how ZyBooks handles input data via the separate "input window" area.

By the end of your study plan, you should have functions, conditional statements, for loops, the "in" keyword down. You should be able to handle indexes of sequenced 
containers (lists, strings, tuples), dictionary keys and values, and slicing lists and strings. You should also be able to rattle off most string and list methods 
off the top of your head. Know the basics of sets and tuples. Know how to open files and read from and write into them.

This is your study plan:
•	The labs and additional practice at the end of the book are great practice for building solutions to stated problems. These are probably the most similar in their 
structure to the Pre and OA questions. They'll test your ability to write logically sound algorithm that work for different data, and make sure you're solid on basic 
operators and control structures. You need to be comfortable with these exercises.
Get all Labs in Ch 2-14 to 100%.

For reference this is your current progress:
 
Then get these Labs past Ch 14 to 100%:
o	Ch 24 Max of 2
o	Ch 25 Count input length without spaces...
o	Ch 26 Exact Change
o	Ch 26 Output values in a list below a user-defined amount
o	Ch 26 Flip a coin
o	Ch 27 Contains the character
o	Ch 27 Remove spaces function
o	Ch 28 Reverse a list
o	Ch 31 Movie show time display
o	Ch 32 Reverse a string (also can be done without a recursive function)
•	Get the Prac Tests (Ch 33 + 34) to 100% on all questions. And on a related note

•	I normally ask folks to take the Pre until they’re scoring Exemplary or at least well into Competent in each area, but I think you’ve taken it too many times for 
it to be useful. Or at least, I think it won't be useful until you've shored up your skills in more fundamental areas.
When you return to the Pre, get to at least Competent (green) in all 3 Competency areas, if not Exemplary (blue). You can’t see any detail on the Pre afterwards 
but remember the Pre is on a 1:1 basis nearly the same questions as the Prac Test, but usually with an extra twist and/or stricter unit tests. This pattern continues 
with some OA questions (others will be totally new).

Use the Prac Tests to zero in on concepts question by question on the Pre. But remember whenever you see a question that’s familiar, look for added complexity in 
the new version. And that could be in stricter data tested against your code.

Remember, it’s a good idea to use the str strip() method on input() calls almost by default. Watch lines inside of file content and strip those line returns if 
needed as well. Take a look at zyDE 10.3.2 for a perfect example of how (and why) to do this.

Remember also that the Pre and OA have a much more bare bones editor and no Submit Mode. So again make use of the Prac Test versions of the question (when you have 
access to Submit Mode and no time limit) to work on problems you're still struggling with before you step up to the Pre!

•	Finally, attend the Exam Review webinar (given the last 2 Saturdays of each month) or watch the D335/C859 v4 Exam Review recording. (2 hours, 25 min)
I suggest checking out our Webinar Recordings & Supplemental Videos, as needed, as you review.

Let me know when you've completed those items, tested all your code, and feel very comfortable with everything in them. You want to know those data types and their 
methods, plus how and when to make use of your control flow structures, backwards and forwards.
